VERSION.md, before:

# Version History

| Version   | Changes |
| :--- | :--- |
| **0.6.1** | * Fixed bug in calculating AP cost for in-phase dedicated movement.<br>* Simplified movement HUD to a single track and a more detailed information box to show how far you can move until you incur another AP cost or move to a higher penalty.|
| **0.6.0** | **MOVEMENT HUD UPDATE**<br>Replaced Argon HUD movement tracker with dedicated RMU tracker. This shows two tracks only during combat.<br><br>* **Track 1: Dedicated Movement** is for tracking dedicated movement using AP and shows the total distance travelled in the round (accumulating each phase).<br>* **Track 2: Acting while Moving** is for tracking acting while moving and is a speed guage, showing the distance travelled that phase and including a marker to show the fastest pace used in all phases that round and the penalty associated with that pace.<br><br>A tactical movement information box summarises the information in both tracks.|
| **0.5.6** | * Fixed issue with weapons with multiple attack variants (e.g., 1H or 2H) would use only the first variant for all attacks.<br>* Fixed issue where clearing a search in the skill search bar (text or favourite filer) would not restore visibility of the skills panel.<br>* Updated UI theme to latest version.|
| **0.5.5** | * Updated theme colours to use HSL values.|
| **0.5.4** | * Added filters to the spell panel for "instant" and "sub-conscious" spells.<br>* Added icons to all individual skill buttons for consistency.<br>* Resolved a bug where clearing the search filter (or un-toggling the last filter) would incorrectly show all items instead of closing the accordion in the spell and skill panels.<br>* Made under-the-covers code improvements for stability and maintainability.|
| **0.5.3** | * Added a defence dialogue to set dodge, block (when available) and other DB modifiers.<br>* Re-themed elements of the module to follow my other modules rather than system colours.|
| **0.5.2** | * Added toggle buttons to weapons/shields to allow them to be quickly equipped or unequipped from within the HUD. |
| **0.5.1** | * Added macro drawer above portrait.<br>* Hidden weapon swap bar.|
| **0.5.0** | * Refactored and modularised the codebase.<br>* Added Spell SCR (Spell panel) and Spell Attack rolls (attack panel). Spell Mastery rolls were already available in the Skills panel.<br>* Added additional styling for dual level accordion panels for SCR rolls.<br>* Added description to the skill tooltip. |
| **0.4.4** | * Added leading + to positive bonus values.<br>* Added tooltips to Endurance buttons. |
| **0.4.3** | * Minor CSS change to consolidate styles. |
| **0.4.2** | * Added favourite toggle in the skills search bar.<br>* Added a favourite “chip” on all skill buttons that are marked as favourite on the actor skills tab. |
| **0.4.1** | * Added combat panel with an end turn button visible only when the token is in combat and it is their turn.<br>* Fixed missing CSS styles for skill category buttons introduced in v0.4.0.<br>* Verified roll initiative button works (in portrait panel).<br>* Changed clear icon in the skills search bar and made it visible only when there is a filter applied. |
| **0.4.0** | Code and CSS refactor. |
| **0.3.2** | Minor code cleanu.p |
| **0.3.1** | The REST button now hides during combat (still accessible via the character sheet). |
| **0.3.0** | * Added skill manoeuvre rolls (found in the skills panel on the bottom bar; expand a category to see its skills).<br>* Added a custom search bar to find skills (shows matches count; clear icon resets filter).<br>* Added endurance rolls (physical and mental).<br>* Updated several icons. |
| **0.2.0** | Includes attack buttons, resistance rolls, and the rest action. |
| **0.1.0** | Initial release. |

Commit message:

Prepare release (#27)
* fix: AP costs and docs: improve commentary in RMUOther.js

Fix AP costs incorrectly ignoring number of phases per round.

Docs: Improve comments in RMUOther.js

* Prepare release

* feat: added a pace penatly reset if attack, spell or perception action taken

* fix: dedicated movement bugs

* fix: dash gate

VERSION.md, after:

# Version History

| Version   | Changes |
| :--- | :--- |
| **0.6.2** | * Added a reset to the pace penalty if an attack, spell or perception action are taken during the phase (this will only work if they are triggered by using the HUD, not from the character sheet). Pace penalty tracking then begins again in the next phase from 0.<br>* Fixed bugs in calculating AP cost for in-phase dedicated movement.<br>* All movement is now limited by encumbrance.<br>* The info box shows a warning if the token is spending more than 1 AP per phase (which could be true, but acts as a failsafe).<br>* Improved documentation of the movement HUD code to show calculation logic.|
| **0.6.1** | * Fixed bug in calculating AP cost for in-phase dedicated movement.<br>* Simplified movement HUD to a single track and a more detailed information box to show how far you can move until you incur another AP cost or move to a higher penalty.|
| **0.6.0** | **MOVEMENT HUD UPDATE**<br>Replaced Argon HUD movement tracker with dedicated RMU tracker. This shows two tracks only during combat.<br><br>* **Track 1: Dedicated Movement** is for tracking dedicated movement using AP and shows the total distance travelled in the round (accumulating each phase).<br>* **Track 2: Acting while Moving** is for tracking acting while moving and is a speed guage, showing the distance travelled that phase and including a marker to show the fastest pace used in all phases that round and the penalty associated with that pace.<br><br>A tactical movement information box summarises the information in both tracks.|
| **0.5.6** | * Fixed issue with weapons with multiple attack variants (e.g., 1H or 2H) would use only the first variant for all attacks.<br>* Fixed issue where clearing a search in the skill search bar (text or favourite filer) would not restore visibility of the skills panel.<br>* Updated UI theme to latest version.|
| **0.5.5** | * Updated theme colours to use HSL values.|
| **0.5.4** | * Added filters to the spell panel for "instant" and "sub-conscious" spells.<br>* Added icons to all individual skill buttons for consistency.<br>* Resolved a bug where clearing the search filter (or un-toggling the last filter) would incorrectly show all items instead of closing the accordion in the spell and skill panels.<br>* Made under-the-covers code improvements for stability and maintainability.|
| **0.5.3** | * Added a defence dialogue to set dodge, block (when available) and other DB modifiers.<br>* Re-themed elements of the module to follow my other modules rather than system colours.|
| **0.5.2** | * Added toggle buttons to weapons/shields to allow them to be quickly equipped or unequipped from within the HUD. |
| **0.5.1** | * Added macro drawer above portrait.<br>* Hidden weapon swap bar.|
| **0.5.0** | * Refactored and modularised the codebase.<br>* Added Spell SCR (Spell panel) and Spell Attack rolls (attack panel). Spell Mastery rolls were already available in the Skills panel.<br>* Added additional styling for dual level accordion panels for SCR rolls.<br>* Added description to the skill tooltip. |
| **0.4.4** | * Added leading + to positive bonus values.<br>* Added tooltips to Endurance buttons. |
| **0.4.3** | * Minor CSS change to consolidate styles. |
| **0.4.2** | * Added favourite toggle in the skills search bar.<br>* Added a favourite “chip” on all skill buttons that are marked as favourite on the actor skills tab. |
| **0.4.1** | * Added combat panel with an end turn button visible only when the token is in combat and it is their turn.<br>* Fixed missing CSS styles for skill category buttons introduced in v0.4.0.<br>* Verified roll initiative button works (in portrait panel).<br>* Changed clear icon in the skills search bar and made it visible only when there is a filter applied. |
| **0.4.0** | Code and CSS refactor. |
| **0.3.2** | Minor code cleanu.p |
| **0.3.1** | The REST button now hides during combat (still accessible via the character sheet). |
| **0.3.0** | * Added skill manoeuvre rolls (found in the skills panel on the bottom bar; expand a category to see its skills).<br>* Added a custom search bar to find skills (shows matches count; clear icon resets filter).<br>* Added endurance rolls (physical and mental).<br>* Updated several icons. |
| **0.2.0** | Includes attack buttons, resistance rolls, and the rest action. |
| **0.1.0** | Initial release. |
